——-
layout: post
lang: en
title: “Black Python Devs is a Non-Profit Organization Under the GNOME Foundation”
date: 2024-05-16
featured_image: TBD
——-

The GNOME Foundation and Black Python Devs are proud to announce that our organizations have entered into a fiscal sponsorship agreement for the mutual benefit of our communities and the greater OS world.

The GNOME Foundation is a nonprofit organization that believes in a world where everyone is empowered by technology they can trust. We do this by building a diverse and sustainable free software personal computing ecosystem. We have been operating as a Project since August 1997, and as a Foundation since August 2000. Our software is available not only free of charge, but with certain freedoms guaranteed for those end users. We dream of a world where those users are in control of their own computing, and that access to that computing can be assured. Releasing twice per year, the GNOME desktop is the default desktop environment across most of the large Linux distributions. The GNOME Foundation, a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization incorporated in the United States, will serve as the nonprofit umbrella for Black Python Devs as the new organization continues to fundraise, build its membership, and develop its own programs.   Black Python Devs is a global community hoping to increase the participation of Black and Colo(u)red Pythonistas in the greater Python Developer Community. Our goal is to become the largest community of Black Python Developers in the world and establish our community as a source for diverse leaders in local, regional, and global Python communities. The organization works to establish guidance, mentorship, and career support for Black Pythonistas around the world, and it also creates opportunities for the Python community to invest in local communities of Black Python Devs members. The organization aims to increase participation of Black Python Devs members in existing Python community programs, events, and initiatives, and it also continues the development and growth of Black Python Devs members by establishing open-source programs.  “I saw a post on the FOSS Foundation email list sharing that Black Python Devs was seeking a fiscal sponsor for their important work. I immediately reached out to Jay Miller to offer the GNOME Foundation as a place where BPDs could find a welcoming home. I was impressed with Jay’s leadership and his vision for BPDs. One of my key goals for the GNOME Foundation is to create more channels to nurture and include diverse groups in the GNOME community and in the OS world in general to create a more inclusive, more representative, more empowered community for our shared work. I am very enthusiastic about this fiscal sponsorship and look forward to seeing BPDs continue to grow and have a positive impact,” said Holly Million, executive director of the GNOME Foundation.

“We were pleasantly shocked when the GNOME foundation reached out to us!” said Jay Miler, Executor of Black Python Devs. “Our community leaders were excited and strongly supported our partnership plans. It was important that we push beyond our comfort regularly to make an impact and the guidance we’ve received in this process has already worked to better prepare Black Python Devs for the journey ahead.”

For more information about the GNOME Foundation, contact info@gnome.org
For more information about Black Python Devs, contact leadership@blackpythondevs.com

